Review section for DataForm control. (#611)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/dataform/editors/picker-editors.md

* `MinutesStep`(`int?`)&mdash;Specifies the minutes step for the editor.
* `SecondsStep`(`int?`)&mdash;Specifies the seconds step for the editor.

> * `DataFormRadListPickerEditor`&mdash;Of type [`RadListPicker`]({%slug listpicker-overview%}). The editors has an `ItemsSource` property. Specifies a collection of items to use with the `RadListPicker`. When no items are specified and the picker is bound to a property of type enum, the items are populated automatically from the available enum values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DataFormRadListPickerEditor`&mdash;Of type [`RadListPicker`]({%slug listpicker-overview%}). The editor has an `ItemsSource` property that specifies a collection of items to use with the `RadListPicker`. When no items are specified and the picker is bound to a property of type enum, the items are populated automatically from the available enum values. 
```

> ## Common properties

Reviewer: Capitalization

> * `Placeholder` property(`string`) that prompts users what information they are expected to enter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By using the `Placeholder` property (`string`) you can provide hints or examples that show the users what information to enter.
```
